docs: updated Working with Forms section (#263)
aspose-pdf/Aspose.PDF-Documentation: net/working-with-facades/form/whats-the-difference-between-xml-fdf-and-xfdf/_index.md

---

> title: Whats the difference between FDF, XML and XFDF Format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: What's is the difference between FDF, XML, and XFDF formats
```
